<<<<<<< Updated upstream
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Potion.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Potion
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Potion$1
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Spell.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Spell
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Spell$1
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Ressource.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Ressource
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Modifier.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Modifier
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Warrior.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Warrior
ch/unige/cui/rpg/GameChar.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.GameChar
ch/unige/cui/rpg/RessourceType.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.RessourceType
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Mage.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Mage
ch/unige/cui/rpg/PossibleTarget.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.PossibleTarget
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Game.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Game
=======
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Quest.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Quest
ch/unige/cui/rpg/CharProfile.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.CharProfile
ch/unige/cui/rpg/ZeroStatShirt.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.ZeroStatShirt
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Damage.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Damage
ch/unige/cui/rpg/GameCharacter.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.GameCharacter
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Protection.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Protection
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Game.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Game
ch/unige/cui/rpg/MageClass.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.MageClass
ch/unige/cui/rpg/MageRobes.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.MageRobes
ch/unige/cui/rpg/ProtectionStack.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.ProtectionStack
ch/unige/cui/rpg/CharClass.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.CharClass
ch/unige/cui/rpg/ChainMail.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.ChainMail
ch/unige/cui/rpg/LevelClass.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.LevelClass
ch/unige/cui/rpg/WarriorClass.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.WarriorClass
ch/unige/cui/rpg/Equipment.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.Equipment
ch/unige/cui/rpg/FireProofLeatherVest.java
 ch.unige.cui.rpg.FireProofLeatherVest
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
